docs: type selector api reference re-write (#51)
wixplosives/stylable.io: docs/references/tag-selectors.md

---
id: type-selectors
title: Type Selector
---

A CSS `type selector` is used to target DOM elements according to their tag name.

This page goes over how Stylable handles `type selector`, for more details about the language feature itself, checkout [MDN type selector](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Type_selectors).

## Syntax

### Native element

> A Native element requires no special support in Stylable.

Author: ```suggestion
A native element behaves exactly as it does in CSS, and requires no special treatment in Stylable
```
